Add a description about adding a new attribute on the fly while creating a product (#1384)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/product-create-grouped.md

![]({% link images/images/product-grouped-create-choose-attribute-set.png %}){: .zoom}
_Choose Template_

> There is also an ability to add new attributes on the fly while creating a product.
> 
> 1. In the upper-right corner, click <span class="btn">Add Attribute</span>.
> 
>    ![]({% link images/images/product-attribute-add-select.png %}){: .zoom}
>    _New Attribute_
> 
> 1. To add an existing attribute to the product, use the [filter controls]({% link stores/admin-grid-controls.md %}) to find the attribute in the grid and do the following:
> 
>    - Select the checkbox in the first column of each attribute to be added.
> 
>    - Click <span class="btn">Add Selected</span>.
> 
> 1. To define a new attribute, see [Adding an Attribute to a Product]]({% link catalog/product-attributes-add.md %})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the needed attributes do not exist, you can add new attributes while creating a product:

 - In the upper-right corner, click <span class="btn">Add Attribute</span>.
 - Define a new attribute (see [Adding an Attribute to a Product]]({% link catalog/product-attributes-add.md %})).

   ![]({% link images/images/product-attribute-add-select.png %}){: .zoom}
   _New Attribute_

To add an existing attribute to the product, use the [filter controls]({% link stores/admin-grid-controls.md %}) to find the attribute in the grid and do the following:

   - Select the checkbox in the first column of each attribute to be added.
   - Click <span class="btn">Add Selected</span>.
```

Author: Hi @leslietilling , thank you for reviewing.
I have implemented your suggestion, please approve this PR💙

Thank you!
